any here as these sticks you
it turns out staples and now and you fit
break pretty strength and here we have
bees fall out
drone and princess princess and
the employee what is needed here, these things well,
here writes makvin no king set
inside is not an employee and so here
we have one more problem there are no colors
flowers and we will need any flowers
roses and even yellow flowers are important to
they stood you
and here they will get here
honey and now we have bees from this one
whether model
princess and as always like this fall out
and here I am such here bees
yellow here green tropical it with not
when they are snowy and here is a wrinkle
I do not know it and now he and now how
Kraft here such here in years but
planted a flower I do not know how here tenge he
simplifies from a long moan gear kraft
four boulders in the other and here
he is crafting a herakle of four sticks well
I understand how crafting here
bronze this type of trolley need
eight bronze and bronze crafted from
cut paper of copper can and then evil
Crafts and glass know what c you
it turns out
about PR well here here is quite small and
So
can show one more year no i
skated
so now let's wait then started
to do so we had quite a lot of
strength and for honey we need order
to make backpacks such here
what practice is it crafting from
two sticks 4 copper two any wool and
and here is this doggy from five to one
chest and single glass all
subscribe to the channel put likes
bye everyone